Let's move on from Waterfall and now talk about
incremental and iterative requirements.
Here are just three challenging factors facing analysts
regarding requirements development.
13% of project failures are due to the lack of user input,
12% of project failures for incomplete requirements, and
another 12% for changing requirements,
for a total of almost 40% of all project failures
tied to requirements development.
Well,
we as analysts own a part of that. These alarming numbers caused us to have
to get more creative and become incremental and iterative.
If you want to look at the other statistics from the study I referenced,
please check out the Standish Group's CHAOS Report survey.
Here's the basic definition of incremental. Incremental
requirements development is where you gather and document a
modest number of requirements.
The developers implement this group of requirements, the
increment, and you observe and verify its outcomes.
Iterative. So an iteration is the repetition of a
process in order to generate an outcome.
Each repetition of the process is a single iteration,
and the outcome of each iteration is in the
starting point of the next iteration.
So to summarize, the increment is the grouping of worker tasks, and
the iteration is the next step in the process.
In the '80s and '90s,
several models came along that improved on the waterfall model and
are known as the discovery models, spiral, RAD,
which I played a major role in introducing RAD into a major aerospace
company and just love the approach, and lastly, RUP. Okay, let's explore each.